Add mainnet sections for explorers, public RPC. Removed Agoric from iprpc page (#1)
MichaelLLC/lava-docs: docs/provider/provider.md

### Querying Available APIs and Chains {#chains}

:::caution
Here and below ensure that you replace `{PUBLIC_RPC}` with the correct [endpoint](/public-rpc).
:::

> To obtain a list of available **testnet-2** APIs and chains, [query all chain specs](https://public-rpc-testnet2.lavanet.xyz/rest/lavanet/lava/spec/show_all_chains) or use the following CLI commands for a detailed list:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To obtain a list of available **testnet-2** APIs and chains, [query all chain specs](https://lav1.lava.build/lavanet/lava/spec/show_all_chains) or use the following CLI commands for a detailed list:
```

Reviewer 2: fix

```bash
curl -X 'GET' \
  '{PUBLIC_RPC}/rest/lavanet/lava/spec/show_all_chains' \
  -H 'accept: application/json' | jq

> ```

Reviewer: Should be

`curl -X POST -H "Content-Type: application/json" {PUBLIC_RPC} --data '{"jsonrpc": "2.0", "id": 1, "method": "status", "params": []}' | jq`

Reviewer 2: fix
